# Coding Skills

In this interview, we'd like to assess your skills in making business requisites into __readable code__.
Think of it as a normal pair programming dynamic, that we do on our day-to-day.
You'll be the one driving this pairing, but we want you to feel free to discuss any ideas and doubts that you might have with the interviewer(s), as well as to use any online search tool and your favorite IDE.
The only thing we ask you is to share your screen with the interviewers while doing the exercise, so they can keep up with your line of thought.

The code should be initialized from scratch, in the programming language of your preference.
It will be a simple command line script, without any intention of ever evolving it to an API (backend) or a HTML page (frontend).

__Bringing a blank project setup might save you a few minutes__. This means a project capable of printing an arbitrary string to the console, with the main packages/libraries that you feel like using already referenced. If you'd like to use automated tests, we also recommend setting up your test runner in advance.

As an alternative, you can also code this exercise using an online coding tool (Codility).

## Main evaluation criteria
* Code running and executing the challenge requisites.
* Readable code
  * Coherent naming for variables and functions
  * Adequate responsibility separation
  * Ease of understanding code behavior
* Proper test cases used to validate the solution
* Critical sense
  * Comprehension of problems shown
  * Raising relevant concerns, like performance
* Communication

## Support material

* https://medium.com/desenvolvendo-com-paixao/2-clean-code-boas-pr%C3%A1ticas-para-escrever-c%C3%B3digos-impec%C3%A1veis-361997b3c8b5
* https://medium.com/mindorks/how-to-write-clean-code-lessons-learnt-from-the-clean-code-robert-c-martin-9ffc7aef870c 
