# Frontend Specialist

This interview consists on a live code session, for which we are going to provide an online IDE with a boilerplate in the technology of your choice (React, Angular, Vue or even vanilla Javascript) so we can implement a webpage and all the logic related to it, based on low fidelity mockups.

It is important to highlight that we won't run any of the written code nor check what is being rendered in the browser.
What we will do is write the code and talk about its implementation and possible evolutions.

Our goal is to simulate a pair programming activity, close to what we do on a daily basis here at Loft.
We are going to present a task to be worked on that we will evolve as much as we can in the time we have available.

You will be requested to share your screen so we can follow what is being developed.
During the interview, we are going to ask questions to understand your decisions and to dig deeper on some topics of interest.

You are the one that is going to guide us through this pairing and always feel free to tell us about what you are thinking, as well as any doubts that you might have along the way.

Remember that there are no right or wrong answers, but many different ways to solve the same problems.
The most important for us is that we understand the reasoning behind your decisions!

## Main Evaluation Criteria
* Communication
* Solution Architecture and Evolution Vision
* How the solution was driven and concerns regarding quality and scale
* CSS e interface implementation
* Readability
  * Code that is easy to read and understand
  * Proper separation of concerns
* Critical Sense
  * Challenge interpretation and attention to requirements
  * Attention to relevant concerns, such as usability
* Test scenarios chosen for the presented solution

**obs:** you don't have to worry too much about folder structure and project organization, ok?  
We have a limited time during the interview, feel free to tell us about how you would structure everything, but during implementation you might just code everything in the same file or sommething like that in order to optimize the time while writing code :)